Hey, good morning family, or afternoon, or evening, or good night, or wherever you are in the world.
I have some things I want to talk to you all about.
If you go back to the word I gave ten months ago or more—it’s probably about a year or so ago now—whenever the Lord showed me the dollar crashing.
I’m going to go over that again.
He warned me that there’s going to be a major global shaking of finances, bringing forth digital platforms.
This is what he told me about a year ago.
I was praying and I saw a flagpole with a $100 bill on it.
It was moving back and forth, and I saw digital writing.
It looked like digital code in this $100 bill, and it was alive and moving, kind of like stocks, but it was digital.
It was like crypto writing.
Do you know what I’m talking about, son?
Okay, so it was moving like that.
Then I said, "Lord, what are you showing me?
" And he said, "The dollar is about to turn into a digital dollar, and it will be worth half of the purchasing power of what it used to be.
" I saw it was at 50 cents—purchasing power of 50 cents to a dollar—because of inflation and the things happening with America and the economy.
Then he showed me what was going to happen: the banking sector.
All the major banks—Chase Bank, Wells Fargo, you name it, the huge world banks—all seized the money inside of the banks.
It was like it went into a bail-in.
I don't know what you would call that.
Like I said, I'm not real educated on stuff like this.
I saw all the money being seized inside of the banks, and you weren't allowed to withdraw any of it.
People were furious because they couldn't get their money out; the banks kept it.
When this happened, the dollar crashed.
Then they took all the notes on the homes and the car loans, everything, because people couldn't make their payments anymore since the dollar had collapsed.
I saw people's car notes and car loans wiped out, kind of like it was with student loans back whenever the big COVID happened.
They weren't allowed to collect those student loans; they froze all that for several years, and people weren't made to pay those payments anymore.
That's what it was like with the housing market or the car loans.
They didn't come and foreclose on everybody.
They didn't say, "Hey, you're out.
" They just froze it across the board because they didn't make everybody make their payments, just like it was with student loans.
That's what I saw; I did not see any more of what happened afterward.
People say, "Well, this is a debt jubilee.
" I didn't see it like that.
That's what I'm trying to say.
I don't want to add anything to or take anything away from this prophetic word.
I just want to tell you what the Lord showed me.
Then the Lord showed me people who were dressed up.
Because it happened so quickly—kind of like I told you all about the four oak trees—if you go back to the prophetic word that I gave, the dream I had about the four oak trees, four years or four months or four whatever it was, each oak tree represented, I believe, a year.
Now, some people say it's a season because of what I saw, and some people say it is whatever.
It's your interpretation.
I just told you all to pray about it and see what the Holy Spirit tells you concerning these things that the Lord shows me, because I see in part and hear in part, and I'm a work in progress just like everybody else.
But if the Lord's telling me to tell you something, I want you to pray about it and see what he's telling you.
I saw people in nice clothes because it happened just like I told you; it happened like winter came onto the trees, they lost all their leaves, and everything happened suddenly.
People were standing in line trying to find groceries.
They were trying to get groceries at the store, but there was no food.
Remember I told you there were cobwebs on the shelves?
I could see cobwebs in the corners of these shelves in the grocery stores, which I believe represented quite some time passing, because cobwebs don't happen in the corners of a grocery store shelf unless it's over time.
It doesn't happen overnight.
There were shelves that were completely bare in these grocery stores.
People were lined up trying to get whatever they could in paper sacks or whatever they had, but like I said, they had nice clothes on.
They weren't dressed dirty, but they were all lined up for a mile long.
They wrapped around the buildings and down the street, waiting just to get into that store.
He told me the Euro would be in trouble because of what was going on with Europe and this war.
That was one of the first signs that this was all going to happen like dominoes.
It's interesting because as I go along with my giftings and what the Lord has shown me, he gives me more and more each time.
Even in what I told you last time about how China made a trade war with America, and all the supplies from China were not coming over in the big ships anymore because of the war escalating—I believe it has to do with Taiwan and what's coming in the future—he shows me a little bit more.
If you go back and watch those other prophetic words, it's like putting a puzzle together one piece at a time.
So, I saw the digital dollar, the crashing of the economy, and the oak trees.
Remember, I also told you about all the people rioting after the dollar crashes?
The government was not able to give them their Social Security checks, welfare, food stamps, or entitlements.
They were all upset.
They had their signs and were going through like a Million Man March.
There were tons of them.
Literally hundreds of thousands of people were taking to the streets, rioting and pillaging, stealing from stores, carrying their signs and going down the streets demanding what they felt they were rightfully owed.
Then they brought in the National Guard.
The Lord showed me all this in a vision: Hummers and chain-link barbed wire fences through major cities with checkpoints.
They put in martial law because of the people rioting in New York, Chicago, and all up north—and basically everywhere.
I’m not going to say it was just the Northeast; it was everywhere in America.
People were acting a fool because they couldn't get their free handouts for food and whatever.
That was part of what happens when the dollar crashes.
Like I said, I'm adding each piece of the puzzle of what the Holy Spirit has warned me, and I keep getting more.
Even again tonight, the Lord talked about the great Ichabod and said there's a great Ichabod fixing to take place.
He said people call Him, "Lord, Lord," but their hearts are far from Him.
He said, "You will see a separation between the tares and the wheat; you're going to see this.
" And the ones that are true believers right now, who are truly on fire for me and have a relationship with me and that truly are—I have been their Lord.
He said, "You will see this, and there is going to be a great apostasy even greater than what we've seen right now.
We're about to see a greater separation between the tares and the wheat.
You're going to see this in the days ahead because people are going to really know.
You're going to know the real Christians from the people who are just lip service from the real true hearts.
There is a purification coming.
There is a refiner's fire coming to the body of Christ, and there will be a shaking coming.
I got corrected on my grammar; there is no such thing as a 'shakening.
' You know what?
I'm going to say shaking.
Sorry, Mr.
Grammar Police.
There's a great shaking.
Don't watch my video, go away then.
Bye-bye.
But there's going to be this stuff take place, and I hope you're part of it.
You're probably going to be the grammar police; you're probably the one that's getting shaken because these people don't know Jesus.
A lot of them don't, but they think they do.
But we're going to see the separation between the goats and the sheep.
Watch.
You're going to see all this: the people who are on fire and the people who are lukewarm, because a lot of you think that you're on fire and you're as cold as a cold stove, and you don't have any part of the Holy Ghost inside of you.
You're so far away from it.
I'm telling you, it's coming.
You're going to see this in the days ahead.
It is going to be a lot of people; they have their nose turned up toward God, and there is going to be a great humbling coming.
This was something that was alarming to me because tonight in prayer, he showed me again about the dollar crash—another thing warning me about a major shaking that's about to take place soon.
People say, 'When is this going to happen?
' You're going to have to ask the Lord about that yourself.
I have my thoughts, and I believe 2025 is going to be a dark year because of the dam that I saw with Joe Biden and all the things they were trying to hold back from being released after the elections.
They're trying to delay the inevitable because of inflation, the weakening of the dollar, and the mess that they've created on purpose to bring in the new digital platform, the new digital cyber currency.
That's what they want to happen.
They want to control the global money system because that's how they bring forth the mark of the beast with the Antichrist system.
And that has to happen.
But the dollar is in the way.
The dollar has been the hedge of the world economy for a hundred years now—the dollar standard and all that—and that's all about to be done with.
We're going to see a digital currency; it'll be like crypto, and we're going to see this happen very soon.
I really believe that we're seeing the beast system being set up right before our eyes.
And if you're not watching and your head is in the sand, God help you because we're there, folks.
Jesus is getting ready to come back, and he's coming back very soon.
I'm putting all these things together: the major earthquake, the tumbleweeds coming down the New York Stock Exchange.
I've seen so many different things about the dollar.
And like I said, not financial advice, but he showed me things happening with gold and silver.
I'm not telling you to invest in it; you pray about it yourself.
But I saw things happening with precious metals when all this stuff takes place.
I just think it's interesting because whenever the Lord gives me these cues and has me praying, it's important.
God does not speak just to hear himself talk.
He's speaking because he's making real things happen in a real world.
He wants you to understand the signs of the times.
He's telling me to tell you this because there's an urgency.
He even warned me: 'Brandon, I want you to go back over these words because there are so many false prophetic words on YouTube that people are being inundated with on a daily basis.
' They're feeding on it.
They're not hearing me for themselves.
They're looking for 'prophetic' all the time, looking for a new word of the day.
I said, 'Lord, where's the new word?
What are you doing?
Are you not going to give me a new word?
' He said, 'Brandon, you don't need a new word right now.
Focus on what I've told you.
Pray about what I've already said to you and take it seriously, for the hour is short.
You don't need a new word of the day; seek me for what I've already told you.
' He said, 'Brandon, they're getting something new all the time on these other channels that are false prophetic words.
You need to go back and focus on some of the things I've told you because they're bearing fruit, son.
You're going to start seeing manifestations of the words that I gave you a year ago start to manifest today.
It's going to start happening like dominoes.
' So I hope you all are listening.
He that has ears to hear, let him hear what the Spirit of the Lord is saying.
Listen to the Spirit of the Lord.
He is here to help you.
And if it witnesses with your spirit, fine.
If it doesn't, put it on a shelf and walk away.
But pray about it because I take the Lord seriously, and I know what he's warning me about to prepare my family.
I'm excited about the revival, but I know there's a great shaking coming, and it's going to shake America for the upcoming revival.
God bless you all.
Let me pray for you.
Father, I just thank you for every single person who is watching this channel right now.
I pray peace over them, that they're not tormented by fear.
But we are watchmen; we are listening, waiting, hearing your voice.
And I thank you, Lord, just like you told Joseph there would be seven years of plenty and seven years of famine.
Father, I thank you that you speak to people still today.
They don't need me to come on here and tell them what's happening; they can see it for what's happening all around them.
But Father, they hear you themselves.
Every single person on this channel that is a born-again believer has the ability to hear the voice of the Lord by reading their Bible and praying, seeking you daily and not just on Sundays or Wednesday night church.
" They can have a relationship with you now.
Father, I thank you that you become real to them, Father.
They would develop a passion for having a relationship with the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords.
That Jesus is real to each individual person watching this right now.
That they hear you, God.
Father, that you're passionate about them and they be passionate about you.
I thank you, Lord, that they're healed, whole, and well from the top of their heads to the soles of their feet.
They're delivered from satanic bondages of all kinds.
I thank you, Lord, that their minds are being renewed day by day, hearing your voice, Father.
And we thank you, Lord, for all that you're doing and all that you're going to do in their lives, God.
And we thank you, Father, in the name of Jesus.
It's the name above every name.
We call them healed.
We call them well.
We call them delivered, whole, and set free by the power of your blood, by the power of your name.
We thank you, Lord, Father, for your grace and your mercy today.
And we give you great honor and great glory in Jesus' name.
And everybody say, 'Amen and amen.
' Well, thank you for watching this.
If you could click the notification bell, click the like button, and the subscribe button, it helps us out, y'all.
We appreciate you supporting us and being a part of our YouTube channel.
We're getting the gospel throughout the whole world.
People are being healed, set free, and delivered from all kinds of things because of Jesus.
He did it all.
It's not about me.
It's all about him.
Jesus paid the price for you to be free.
And he wants you to be free.
And so, I just want to tell you all thank you.
Well, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all.
You all have a wonderful day.
Bye-bye.